and re Hobart a shekel for all Israel
had gone to Shechem to make him King
so it happened when general Bern the son
of Nebat heard it he was in Egypt where
he had fled from the presence of King
Solomon the Jeroboam
returned from Egypt and they sent for
him and called him and Jeroboam and all
Israel came and spoke to rehabilitate
the
your father and his heavy yoke which he
put on us and we will serve you come
back to me after three days and the
people to party it then King Rehoboam
consulted the elders who stood before
his father Solomon while he still lived
how do you advise me to answer these
people
if you are kind to these people and
please them and speak good words to them
they will be your servants forever but
he rejected the advice which the elders
had given him and consulted the young
men who had grown up with him who stood
before him what advice do you give how
should we answer this people who have
spoken to me saying lighten the yoke
which your father put on us thus you
should speak to the people who have
spoken to you saying your father made
our yoke heavy but you make it lighter
on us thus you shall say to them my
little finger shall be thicker than my
father's waist and now whereas my father
put a heavy yoke on you I will add to
your yoke my father chastised you with
whips but I will chastise you with
scourge 'as so cherubim and all the
people came to rear bone on the third
day as the King had directed saying come
back to me the third day then the King
answered them roughly King Rehoboam
rejected the advice of the elders and he
spoke to them according to the advice of
the young men my father made your yoke
heavy but I will add to it my father
chastised you with whips but I will
chastise you with scourging so the King
did not listen to the people for the
turn of events was from God that the
Lord might fulfill his word which he had
spoken by the hand of a Hodja the Shila
night to Jeroboam the son of Nebat now
when all Israel saw that the king did
not listen to them the people answered
the king
what share have we and David we have no
inheritance in the son of Jesse every
man to your tent
Oh Israel now see to your own house Oh
David
oh poor Israel departed to their tents
but reverb on reigned over the children
of Israel who dwelt in the cities of
Judah then King Rehoboam sent a durham
who was in charge of revenue but the
children of Israel stoned him with
stones and he died
therefore King Rehoboam mounted his
chariot in haste to flee to Jerusalem so
Israel has been in rebellion against the
house of David to this day
[Music]